#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==23.1.0
    # via visions
bokeh==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via visions
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   pandas-profiling
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
missingno==0.5.2
    # via pandas-profiling
multimethod==1.9.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
networkx==3.1
    # via visions
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
pandas==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phik==0.12.3
    # via pandas-profiling
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
pydantic==1.10.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   pandas-profiling
requests==2.31.0
    # via pandas-profiling
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tornado==6.3.3
    # via bokeh
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via pandas-profiling
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
xyzservices==2023.7.0
    # via bokeh
